ASM Python: Add user information to traces (#14941)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security_platform/application_security/setup_and_configure.md

[1]: https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-js/blob/master/docs/API.md#user-identification
{{< /programming-lang >}}

{{< programming-lang lang="python" >}}

> The Python tracer package provides the `set_user` function, which allows you to monitor authenticated requests by adding user information to the trace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monitor authenticated requests by adding user information to the trace with the `set_user` function provided by the Python tracer package.
```
